# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via ortools
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.4
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
argcomplete==3.6.2
    # via gsutil
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
bidict==0.23.1
    # via python-socketio
PyJWT==2.8.0
    # via backend (authentication)
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
boto==2.49.0
    # via gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
celery==5.5.3
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pact-python
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pact-python
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
coverage==7.10.1
    # via pytest-cov
crcmod==1.7
    # via gsutil
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
faker==37.5.3
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pact-python
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   google-apitools
    #   gsutil
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gcloud==0.18.3
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin==3.3
    # via gsutil
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geopy==2.4.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-apitools==0.5.32
    # via gsutil
google-auth==2.39.0
    # via
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   gsutil
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   gsutil
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.106.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-bigquery==3.35.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.24.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.27.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-reauth==0.1.1
    # via
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   gsutil
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
googlemaps==4.10.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   playwright
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
gsutil==5.35
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   gcloud
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   gsutil
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-genai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
immutabledict==4.2.1
    # via ortools
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
monotonic==1.6
    # via gsutil
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   ortools
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   gcloud
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   google-apitools
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
ortools==9.14.6206
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kombu
    #   pytest
pact-python==2.3.3
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   ortools
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
passlib==1.7.4
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pillow==11.3.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
playwright==1.54.0
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-playwright
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator
prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator==7.1.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   ortools
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via pact-python
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   gsutil
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-json-report
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-playwright
pytest-asyncio==1.1.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pytest-base-url==2.1.0
    # via pytest-playwright
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pytest-json-report==1.5.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pytest-metadata==3.1.1
    # via pytest-json-report
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pytest-playwright==0.7.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
python-engineio==4.12.2
    # via python-socketio
python-gnupg==0.5.4
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via pytest-playwright
python-socketio==5.13.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
pyu2f==0.1.5
    # via google-reauth
qrcode==8.2
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
redis==6.2.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   googlemaps
    #   pact-python
    #   pytest-base-url
retry-decorator==1.1.1
    # via
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   gsutil
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-jose
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.16.1
    # via scikit-learn
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
simple-websocket==1.1.0
    # via python-engineio
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   gcloud
    #   gcs-oauth2-boto-plugin
    #   google-apitools
    #   gsutil
    #   oauth2client
    #   pact-python
    #   python-dateutil
    #   pyu2f
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   alembic
starlette==0.47.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   prometheus-fastapi-instrumentator
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via google-genai
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   ortools
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.35.0
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   pact-python
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via backend (pyproject.toml)
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   backend (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-genai
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via simple-websocket
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   pact-python
